Read README.md, lines 1 to 100

Let me read the full README, action-required.md, and requirements.md. Let me also look at how to implement. The AGENTS.md says to use sub-agents. There's an "implement-feature" skill. Let me check it.

Let me read more of the README status table and read the other files correctly.

Let me retry with proper filePath parameter. Seems some calls worked with filePath and some with file_path. Let me be consistent with filePath.

Read README.md, lines 100 to 133

Read action-required.md

Read requirements.md, lines 1 to 120

Let me read the rest of the requirements and the full README to understand how implementation should be orchestrated. This is clearly designed for the implement-feature skill. Let me read remaining requirements and check the implement-feature skill.

The AGENTS.md says to use sub-agents to implement features, coordinator only. The spec is explicitly organized into waves for parallel implementation. This strongly matches the implement-feature skill. Let me read that skill.

This spec is purpose-built for orchestrated implementation. Let me read the remaining requirements and the implement-feature skill.

Read requirements.md, lines 120 to 220

Read skill implement-feature

I have the skill. Let me check the references and the coder prompt templates, and look at the task files structure. Let me also check the skill's references folder.

The key constraint from AGENTS.md:

No more than one sub-agent may be active concurrently
Never implement features yourself when possible - use sub-agents!
Act as a coordinator only
After features, run lint, type check
But the skill says spawn all coder agents in parallel. There's a conflict. AGENTS.md says "No more than one sub-agent may be active concurrently" and "Use deep-dive sub-agents" but also "Identify changes from the plan that can be implemented in parallel, and use sub-agents to implement the features efficiently."

Hmm, there's tension. AGENTS.md says never more than one sub-agent concurrent, but also use sub-agents for parallel impl. The AGENTS.md is a "CRITICAL RULES - MUST FOLLOW" attachment. I should follow it. Let me reconcile: The skill wants parallel dispatch, but AGENTS.md says max one sub-agent concurrent.

The AGENTS.md rules take precedence as they're marked CRITICAL. So I'll dispatch ONE sub-agent at a time (sequentially), even within a wave. That's the coordinator pattern.

Let me ask the user a clarifying question? The AGENTS.md says always ask clarifying questions. But this is a clear "start implementing". Let me check the references folder for coder prompt templates first.

Let me read the references.

Let me check the skill references and the repo state.

Read implement-feature

Read references

I'm noticing there's a conflict between the AGENTS.md constraints and what I'm working with. The rules say no more than one subagent can be active at a time and to never implement features myself when possible, but the current workflow expects parallel subagent execution. The template also references agent types that aren't available in my actual setup—I only have the Explore agent to work with.

Let me check the coder prompt template to see how it's structured, then I'll need to adapt my approach to run tasks sequentially through subagents since I can't run them in parallel. Given that there are 18 tasks across 6 waves and the user is waiting, I should focus on completing Wave 1 in a single sequential pass, running each task one at a time as a subagent, updating the README and task status as I go, before moving forward to the next wave.

I'll try switching to filePath as the parameter instead.

Read skill implement-feature: coder-prompt-template.md

Read skill implement-feature: review-prompt-template.md

Let me look at one of the task files to understand structure. Let me read task 01 and 02 (wave 1) and confirm the status format in task files. Also I want to check the task file format (Status field).

Let me read task-01 and task-02.

Now let me read the Wave 1 task files and check the task file status format.

Read task-01-config.md

Read task-02-event-bus.md

I have everything I need. Wave 1 has 2 tasks (Config & Event Bus) that are independent. No file overlaps. The orchestrator rules from AGENTS.md say no more than one sub-agent may be active concurrently. So I should dispatch them sequentially, not in parallel.

Let me set up a todo list and start with Wave 1. Per "No more than one sub-agent may be active concurrently," I run task 01 first, review, commit, then task 02, review, commit. Actually the skill says "review gate between waves" not per task. But AGENTS.md says one sub-agent at a time. Let me be pragmatic: dispatch task-01 and task-02 sequentially within wave 1 (no overlap, no dependencies), then a single review gate, then commit the wave.

Actually re-reading: "If the user wants you to identify changes that can be implemented in parallel, use sub-agents" AND "No more than one sub-agent may be active concurrently." These conflict. The AGENTS.md is the policy that was updated (commit "update agents.md policy: one subagent active"). So the policy is sequential.

So: dispatch task-01 → wait → dispatch task-02 → review wave 1 → commit. Let me set up todos and start.

Note the review template mentions verification commands / package.json. This project has NO package.json, no lint/typecheck. The AGENTS.md says "If the project does not have any testing tools, scripts, MCP tools, skills, etc. available for testing, ask the user whether testing should be skipped." Since there's no lint/typecheck at all (no package.json), I should note that. But I can still verify ES modules are syntactically valid via node. Let me proceed and handle verification pragmatically (node --check).

Let me set up the todo list and begin Wave 1.

I have the full picture. This spec is built for orchestrated, wave-by-wave implementation. Let me note the key facts and start.

Per your AGENTS.md policy (one subagent active at a time, coordinator-only), I'll dispatch Wave 1 tasks sequentially, run a review gate, then commit — and repeat per wave.

One thing to flag up front: this project has no package.json, lint, or typecheck (by design — no build step). So the review gate can't run pnpm lint && pnpm typecheck. I'll verify syntax with node --check on each ES module instead, and do the real integration check via the browser at the end (Wave 6).

Let me set up tracking and start Wave 1.

Created 13 todos

Let me dispatch task 01. The subagent needs to be a coder. Since the only available agent is "Explore" (read-only), I should use the default agent (coder) via runSubagent without specifying agentName, or specify it. The skill says subagent_type "coder". In runSubagent, agentName is optional and if not provided uses current agent. So I'll just run without agentName (default coding agent).

Let me dispatch task 01.

Now dispatching Task 01 (Config & Quality) — a coder subagent implements it, and I'll verify syntax with node --check after.

Created constants.js

Created quality.js

Task 01 done. Now Task 02 (event bus) in the same wave. Since one subagent at a time, dispatch task 02 next.

Task 01 complete. Now Task 02 (Event Bus).

Created eventBus.js

Both tasks done. Now Wave 1 review gate. Let me verify the files exist and run node --check myself, then review for integration. Let me read the created files to review.

Both Wave 1 tasks done. Now the Wave 1 review gate — I'll read the produced files and run syntax verification to integrate-check them.

Read constants.js

Read quality.js

Read eventBus.js

All three files match the spec exactly. Let me run a final integration check with node to confirm the module graph works and the values match requirements.

All three files match the spec verbatim. Let me run a final integration check: syntax + cross-module import + value assertions.

node --check js/config/constants.js; node --check js/config/quality.js; node --check js/util/eventBus.js; node -e "Promise.all([import('./js/config/constants.js'),import('./js/config/quality.js'),import('./js/util/eventBus.js')]).then(([c,q,b])=>{const assert=(x,y,m)=>{if(x!==y)throw new Error(m+': '+x+' !== '+y)};assert(GRID?c.GRID.W:0,21,'GRID.W');assert(c.CENTER.col,10,'CENTER.col');assert(c.DIRECTION.UP.z,-1,'UP.z');assert(c.SPEED.baseCellsPerSec,8,'base');assert(c.SPEED.waterFactor,0.5,'waterFactor');assert(c.SCORP?0:c.SCORE_PER_FOOD,10,'SCORE');assert(q.QUALITY_TIERS.high.dustCount,900,'high dust');assert(q.QUALITY_TIERS.medium.pixelRatio,1.5,'med pr');assert(typeof q.detectQuality,'function','detectQuality');let v;b.bus.on('speed',p=>v=p);const d=b.bus.on('score',()=>{throw new Error('should be disposed')});d();b.bus.emit('score',{value:0});b.bus.emit('speed',{value:8});assert(v.value,8,'speed payload');b.bus.emit('nope',{x:1});console.log('W1 PASS');}).catch(e=>{console.error('W1 FAIL', e.message); process.exit(1)})"
My test harness had a typo (GRID undefined). Let me fix and re-run.

The terminal output got cut off and displayed a heredoc prompt. The command seems not to have fully executed. Let me use a temp file instead.

Inline multi-line is awkward in the terminal. Let me write a test file to temp and run it.

Created w1-check.mjs

I'll execute the test now.

Wave 1 review: PASS. Update task status + README and commit.

Wave 1 review: PASS. Now update the spec status files and commit.

Edited
README.md+2-2
The commit included the temp test file too. That's fine actually but let me check - the AGENTS.md says use temp folder for temporary files. It's fine. Actually let me check if the temp file should be gitignored. Let me not worry; but committing temp/w1-check.mjs isn't ideal. Let me add a .gitignore for temp if not present. Actually it's minor. Let me continue but I'll keep temp out of future commits by adding to .gitignore. Let me check .gitignore.

Actually, let me just remove the temp file from tracking concerns later. I'll add .gitignore for node and temp. But to keep moving, let me note it. Let me check if there's a .gitignore.

Let me proceed efficiently. I'll add temp/ to .gitignore and untrack. Actually I'm already committed it. I'll handle at the end. Let me keep momentum on Wave 2.

Mark todo and dispatch task 03.

Wave 1 committed (28af7b6). Note: it also swept in w1-check.mjs. I'll add a .gitignore for temp to keep test scratch out of the main branch. Now onto Wave 2 — tasks 03, 04, 05, 06. Let me read all four task files and set up the gitignore.

.gitignore already exists. Let me read it, then read task 05 and 06.

Read .gitignore

Read task-05-audio.md

Read task-06-leaderboard.md

Good, .gitignore already has temp/. But my w1-check.mjs was already committed. Let me remove it from the index/working tree going forward. Actually it's committed already. Let me just delete the file and gitignore it so future commits don't carry it. Actually, since it's already committed, I should remove it. Let me handle that in the next commit.

Now I have all 4 Wave 2 task files. Let me verify no file overlap: task-03 → grid.js, task-04 → renderer.js, task-05 → audio.js, task-06 → leaderboard.js. No overlap. Good.

Note: Wave 2 has one Three.js dependency (task-04 renderer). That's fine — node --check will validate syntax but not import 'three'. The review can't run the renderer headlessly, but syntax + code review is what we can do. Browser test happens at Wave 6.

Let me dispatch task-03 first (sequential per policy). I'll update todos.

.gitignore already has temp. All 4 Wave 2 tasks touch distinct files (grid.js, renderer.js, audio.js, leaderboard.js) — no overlap. Let me delete the stray test file and mark progress, then dispatch Wave 2 tasks sequentially.

Wait, I committed temp/w1-check.mjs in the wave 1 commit. I added temp/ to gitignore but it was already committed (gitignore doesn't un-track). Let me untrack it with git rm --cached. Actually the commit included it. Let me handle in next commit. Let me git rm --cached it so the next commit removes it from tracking.

Let me untrack the file from git (it was committed before gitignore existed).

git rm --cached temp/w1-check.mjs | Out-String
Starting: Wave 2: tasks 03-06 (4/13)

The git rm --cached failed because the file was already removed from the index? Let me check. Actually it said "did not match any files" — the file isn't in the index. Wait, the commit included it... Let me check git status.

Let me check git status — the scratch file was committed earlier.

Wait, the working tree is clean and temp/w1-check.mjs isn't in tracked files. But we just committed W1 with that file. Let me check again.

Oh wait - the .gitignore has temp/ in it. So git is not tracking the temp file since it was added to gitignore. But it was committed earlier... Let me re-check.

Actually no - I created the w1-check.mjs file BEFORE committing. The commit message said "4 files changed" which includes the temp file. But now git status shows clean and the file isn't tracked.

Hmm, this means the .gitignore already had temp/ before we created w1-check.mjs, so git never tracked it. The file was in the working directory but not tracked because of the gitignore. That means when we did git add -A, it skipped the temp/ file.

But wait, the commit output said:

 4 files changed, 74 insertions(+), 2 deletions(-)
 create mode 100644 js/config/constants.js
 create mode 100644 js/config/quality.js
 create mode 100644 js/util/eventBus.js
That's only 3 files listed + the README.md update makes 4. So the temp file was NOT committed.

Actually I'm confused - the .gitignore already existed with temp/ but I tried to create it and got "File already exists." And there's no temp file in git tracking. So it's all clean. The temp file was never tracked thanks to the existing .gitignore.

Let me just proceed with the wave 2 work. I need to dispatch the 4 tasks for wave 2: grid, renderer, audio, leaderboard. Per the AGENTS.md rule, only 1 subagent at a time. I'll do them sequentially.

Let me dispatch task 03 (grid) first.

Good — the .gitignore already covered temp so it was never committed. Tree is clean. Moving on to Wave 2. I'll dispatch tasks 03→06 sequentially (one at a time per AGENTS.md). Starting with Task 03 (Grid Math).

Read constants.js

Created grid.js

Created grid.test.mjs

node --check js/game/grid.js; node temp/grid.test.mjs
Edited
grid.test.mjs+5-2
Wait, there's a discrepancy. The task said toWorld(0,0) = {x:-10.5,z:-10.5}. But the actual formula gives (0-10.5+0.5)*1 = -10.0. So the task's worked example was wrong. But the coder followed the authoritative formula and the round-trip works for all 441 cells. Let me verify the round-trip is actually correct — that's the important acceptance criterion.

Actually let me think carefully. toWorld(col,row).x = (col - 10.5 + 0.5) = col - 10. So toWorld(0) = -10, toWorld(20) = 10. Then toGrid(x) = floor(x + 10.5). toGrid(-10) = floor(0.5) = 0. Good. toGrid(10) = floor(20.5) = 20. The round trip works. So the formula as implemented is correct and self-consistent. The task's worked example had a mistake but the code is right.

Let me verify the test file the coder created actually did verify all 441 cells. The coder says 26 tests pass. Let me run the grid test myself to confirm, then continue. Actually the coder already ran it. Let me quickly verify it passes to be sure, then move on.

Actually, let me just re-run the test myself to be certain since it's the review gate.

Task 03 done. The coder flagged a discrepancy in the task's worked example (toWorld(0,0)) but correctly followed the authoritative formula + 441-cell round-trip. Let me verify that myself during the review gate — run the test and check the round-trip property directly.

GRID PASS. The round-trip works for all 441 cells. Now moving to task 04 (Renderer).

Grid math verified. Now Task 04 (Renderer).

Read constants.js

Read quality.js

Read task-04-renderer.md

Created renderer.js

Let me read the renderer file to review gate it.

Let me read the renderer file to review it.

Read renderer.js

Looks good. The renderer matches the spec. One nit: updateProjectionMatrix is called on the shadow camera. Good. Let me verify it once more for the shadow camera update. Actually it looks fine.

One thing: the shadow camera's updateProjectionMatrix should also be called after mapSize changes (which changes resolution, not projection). That's fine, no need.

Now task 05 (Audio) and task 06 (Leaderboard).

Renderer looks solid. Now Task 05 (Audio).

Read eventBus.js

Read task-05-audio.md

Created audio.js

Edited
audio.js+1-1


Now Task 06 (Leaderboard) — this one is fully testable with node (no THREE/AudioContext).

Read eventBus.js

Read grid.test.mjs, lines 1 to 40

Created leaderboard.js

Created leaderboard.test.mjs

Now review gate for the leaderboard and audio (audio I just need to syntax + read). Let me run the leaderboard test and read audio.js.

Task 06 done. Now the Wave 2 review gate: run the leaderboard test, re-read the audio module for correctness.

Read audio.js, lines 1 to 80

Leaderboard test all 17 pass. Audio module looks correct. Let me read the rest of the audio file (death, splash, makeNoiseBuffer, ambient) to complete the review.

Read audio.js, lines 80 to 175

Audio looks solid. All Wave 2 tasks verified. Now update the README and task files, then commit Wave 2.

All 4 Wave 2 tasks look clean. Let me update the status files and commit.

Edited
README.md+4-4
I should also update the status in each task file. Let me check the task files' status format - the README table uses status but the task files themselves may have a status field. Let me check. Actually, the skill says "Update task files: for each completed task, change the Status field from pending to complete". But looking at the task files, I didn't see a Status field. Let me check task-01 again - the task files have "Wave", "Files to create", "Depends on" but no Status field. The skill template assumes a Status field that doesn't exist in this spec. The README table is the source of truth here. I'll skip the task-file status since they don't have that field.

Let me commit Wave 2.

The task files don't have a Status field (the README table is the source of truth here), so the README update suffices. Let me commit Wave 2.

Wave 2 done. Now Wave 3 is the big one — 9 tasks (07-15). Let me update todos and read all 9 task files.

Wave 2 done. Now Wave 3 — 9 tasks (07-15). Let me update progress and read all 9 task files.

Starting: Wave 3: Tasks 07-15 (4/11)

I'll need to process all 9 task files in sequence.

Read task-07-input.md

Read task-08-snake.md

Read task-09-arena.md

I'm moving on to cover tasks 10-15 next.

Now tasks 10-12.

Read task-11-dust.md

Read task-10-water.md

Read task-12-snake-mesh.md

Now tasks 13-15.

Now the last three — tasks 13, 14, 15.

Read task-13-post.md

Read task-14-hud.md

Read task-15-camera.md

I've read all 9 task files for Wave 3. Now I need to check for file overlaps across all tasks in this wave:

task-07: js/game/input.js
task-08: js/game/snake.js
task-09: js/renderer/arena.js
task-10: js/renderer/water.js
task-11: js/renderer/dust.js
task-12: js/renderer/snakeMesh.js
task-13: js/post/post.js
task-14: js/ui/hud.js
task-15: js/camera/camera.js
Each task creates exactly one unique file — no overlaps. All 9 depend only on W1/W2 modules that are already done. This is the biggest parallel wave. Per AGENTS.md "one subagent at a time", I'll run them sequentially.

Let me dispatch them one by one.

All 9 tasks read. File overlap check:

07 → js/game/input.js
08 → js/game/snake.js
09 → js/renderer/arena.js
10 → js/renderer/water.js
11 → js/renderer/dust.js
12 → js/renderer/snakeMesh.js
13 → js/post/post.js
14 → js/ui/hud.js
15 → js/camera/camera.js
All unique — no overlaps. Dispatching sequentially per your single-subagent policy. Task 07 (Input) first:

Compacted conversation

Read grid.js

Read constants.js

Read eventBus.js

Read audio.js, lines 1 to 40

Read task-07-input.md

Read grid.test.mjs, lines 1 to 60

Read leaderboard.test.mjs, lines 1 to 40

Created input.js

Created input.test.mjs

Edited
input.test.mjs+1-1
Task 07 verified. Task 08 (Snake core) now:


Now I'll check Task 09 from the renderer arena.

Read task-09-arena.md

Read task-10-water.md

Read task-11-dust.md

I'm moving on to Task 09, which involves setting up the Arena using Three.js, then dispatching the arena task to the subagent.

Task 09 (Arena, Three.js):

Read constants.js

Read grid.js

Read renderer.js

Created arena.js

Edited
arena.js+0-1

Read arena.js


Task 09 complete. Now Task 10 (Water, Three.js):

Task 10 (Water, Three.js):

Read constants.js

Read grid.js

Read task-10-water.md

Read renderer.js

Read arena.js

Read eventBus.js

Created water.js

Created water-cells.test.mjs
